what to do to what I'm doing is
checking some live data in a
mazda car and what I want you to see is
how our sensors work
oxygen when our converter
Catalytic no longer serves all a
catalytic converter totally
destroyed in disrepair so we're
looking here and our computer
he entered his close loop mode or
closed circuit and sheet
temperature
now we can see there is already up to
half of our car is already
normal operating temperature
and as you can see, see how it
our sensors behave
the sensor 1 the bank 1 sensor 1 is the
which is before catalyst and how
you know they go with 1 sensor 2 after
of catalyst this is a car of
four cylinders only brings two
sensors and I want you to see what happens
we have our sensor before
catalyst working in a way
totally normal and adequate is
reading our fuel mixture
is oscillating quite normal
but in its counterpart we see the other
it's practically a mirror of what
is happening with our sensor number 1
which means that the efficiency
of the catalyst is totally
destroyed there is no efficiency in the
catalyst is as if we did not have
absolutely nothing
as if we just had a tube like that
nothing more and we did not have any
catalyst this sensor signal number
2 would have to be oscillating between the
400 and 600 millivolts so
slow and see what he 's doing is
doing the same as our sensor 1
which means that in this case
our catalytic converter no longer
It's good for nothing and it's definitely looking
how our data behave
sensors
very good and even if we accelerate, let's do
what we do behave the same
two sensors that's precisely what
we do not want to see
when we are verifying the efficiency
of our channel
catalytic converter